---
layout: post
title: Worlds 2009, Day 1, Not good
---
<p>"Not happy Jan". Played the three players directly ranked below me today, only won 1 needed 2 really.</p>
<p>First game against Martin Murray. Got off the a nervy/excited start a few errors. However managed to complete the 9, then Martin completed his 9, i hit and finished with TP. 4b peel rushed before h6, last 2 straight. Penult peelee went through great to about 2 yards in front of rover however strikers just snuck through require a sweep shot to hit escape.</p>
<p>Second game against Jame Le Moignan. Made 3rd turn 9. Long lift missed, just. Rolled oppo from c4 before h3 to set up on time triple, peel missed and bounced back about 2 inches (very few peel attempts stay in jaws like normal hoops). Made h4 with roll back to h3, pulled up a bit short was not trying for rush peel but of course peelee went in jaw. Take off to h5 7 yard wide made roquet but roll was short and angle attempt failed. Bit of back and forth until James was peg and 4b vs my peg and 6; he forgot to peg off both balls. James kept mucking up but always leaving me long shots. Finally got in with peg ball and I pegged him off; me 6 and peg vs 4b and box. Took a little while to start playing 2 balls smart but then James started hitting everything, c2 to c4 or similar 3 times, once when both balls wired, he used the wind and court. I finally got in with 4b ball, made some good short breaks until stick in 4b but that was fine. James missed my reception ball, I made 4b rush to James, rush to penult make it, rush back to partner, rush partner to near peg. With the super hoops decided to do equal roll to rover, strikers rolled a little off and totally fluffed the hoop. James hit and finished.</p>
<p>Third game against Duncan Dixon. Poor start, bit hot and tied. Eventually Duncan 9/12/5 to win. Both short lifts of mine missed by cigarette papers.</p>
<p>So though road ahead to qualify. Probably need a minimum of 5 from next 6 with the top 3 seeds to play. Tomorrow is Ed Duckworth, Johnny Osborn, Alan Morris.</p>
