---
layout: post
title: 9 months on
tags:
- stroke
---
<p>It is 9 months since my stroke. The medical profession lead us to believe I would well and truly be 100% by now, so not the case.</p>

<ul><li>I am tired all the time.</li>
<li>I have trouble organising my thoughts.</li>
<li>My tongue is over sensitive.</li>
<li>Some tingly in my right finger tips.</li>
</ul><p>However since my last email to friends, 7 months on, things have improved and I have help to push the improvement along.</p>

<ul><li>I am still excessively tired but it is improving, slowly.</li>
<li>I had a sleep study and was diagnosed with <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Restless_legs_syndrome">Restless Legs Syndrome</a>. I started medication 2 weeks ago and it is helping. The sleep study showed I got zero REM sleep. Nicky &amp; I believe this has hindered my stroke recovery.</li>
<li>I&#8217;ve seen an Occupational Therapist, she is excellent. Leah has helped me plan and schedule my day which helps me get through the week more effectively.</li>
<li>Just before Christmas break I saw a Speech Pathologist. She is preparing a program of foods to eat to desensitize my tongue. I have continued my medical uniqueness by being her first stroke patient that has an over sensitive tongue, they are usually under sensitive.</li>
<li>Also before Christmas I had my first appointment with psychologist at Queanbeyan hospital. Hopefully she will help stop the <em>&#8220;terrible twos tantrums&#8221;</em> I have every 2 to 3 weeks.</li>
</ul><p>My next update will be at 12 months. Boy I hope I&#8217;m not as tired.</p>

<p>PS. It has been 9 months &amp; 6 hours since I had a cigarette.</p>
